The main takeaway from this module is don't reinvent the wheel.
Increased adoption of frameworks like Spring Security have resulted in many
of the common security threats like cross‑site scripting,
cross‑site request forgery, dropping out of the OWASP top 10 as you're
getting a lot of protection right out of the box, often threats you don't
even know about. You're also joining a large group of security nerds with
a vested interest in keeping the framework up to date with the latest
security threats and trends.
And as you have seen, Spring Security is very configurable,
and it's easy to unintentionally disable some of
the default security protection.
Hence, before disabling anything,
make sure you are confident and are aware of the risks to your users before going ahead.